[Jughead] The fog had cleared
and the world had changed.
For Betty and Archie,
the results of her
pregnancy test
had come with mixed emotions.
All tinged with a hint of
what might have been.
I'm relieved.
Are you? I mean,
what would we have done
if there had been
two lines on that thing?
Yeah. There would have been
a lot to figure out.
Starting with, how do you raise
a kid without totally screwing
them up?
[chuckles softly] I mean,
look at the examples I had.
My mom...
Is my mom and my dad
was a serial killer, so...
Does the opposite of what
my mom and dad did count as
a parenting style?
I don't know.
I think we would have gotten
the hang of it together.
Are you disappointed?
Look, I know that timing
is completely wrong.
But I'd be lying
if I said I wasn't
a little bit excited
about the idea of starting
a new life with you.
Everything has been so dark.
A baby would have been...
A light.
My dad loved being a young dad.
I mean, he talked about it
all the time.
Your dad is the world's
best father.
No question.
Yeah.
[soft instrumental
music playing]
It will happen... Someday.
Maybe the universe just wants
us to stop the bad guys first.
[Jughead] For Veronica
and Reggie,
the new day dawned
with bitterness and bile.
Don't forget this.
You definitely won't be
waking up here anymore.
So it's going to be like that?
The more I think about
what you said the other night,
giving me ultimatums,
the less well it sits with me.
Especially since
you stole from us.
For the record, Ronnie,
I was going to share
the income from
the satellite casino.
[scoffs] Sure.
You know, I've really been
trying to see this whole thing
from your point of view,
but, sadly, I can't seem to get
my head that far up my ass.
You know what? Good thing
I'm getting out of this now.
I wouldn't want to end up dead.
What is that supposed to mean?
First Chad, then Hiram.
What was it they called you,
the "Black Widow
of Wall Street?"
Hmm.
Unless you're ready to hear
the long list of names
I'd like to call you right now,
I'd quit while you're ahead.
Go for it. You've never spared
my feelings before.
Plus, now you can hook up
with Heraldo.
Oh, my God. With who? Heraldo?
Oh, come on.
I saw how you guys
looked at each other.
You'll text him
soon as I leave.
You're flailing
and it's pathetic.
Whatever. First it was Archie.
Then it was me.
-Then it was Archie.
-[sighs]
Then it was Chad.
Then it was Archie.
And then you came back to me
without a break.
You...
You can't be alone.
[whispering]
It's not in your nature.
Hmm.
[sighs]
[Jughead] As for us,
Tabitha was in Albany
working to get Pop's
declared a historical landmark
and I, like so many of us,
was waiting.
Percival was Riverdale's
new self-appointed Mayor.
What would Percival's
first move be?
We wondered.
Though, when it came, I admit
we were all caught off guard.
The hell are you guys
doing here?
We're here on behalf of
Riverdale Public Library.
It's closing,
you might have heard.
[Jughead] Huh!
Why?
Well, eventually, of course,
it will be a hotel to service
the new railway.
[scoffs] Riverdale, a town
without a public library.
-Nice.
-[Percival] In any case, I've
been going over the library's
outstanding accounts tracking
down books that were
never returned.
And according to my records,
you have an outstanding copy
of Kafka's The Metamorphosis,
you little intellectual.
What?
I must have checked that
book out, like, ten years ago.
May I have it, please?
Are you serious?
I was homeless ten years ago.
I have no idea
where that thing is.
Let me just pay you the fee
and you can replace it
with a new one.
Well, the late fees are
in the thousands of
dollars by now, Mr. Jones,
and it was a very
particular edition.
Any replacement would have to
be that exact version,
and I'm afraid
it's out of print.
Okay. If you're shutting down
the library, why do you
need this book?
It's the principle.
I mean, that book is property
of the town.
Currently stolen property.
Just replace it and all fees
will be waived.
Fine. I'll look for it.
Do. In the meantime,
I'll need collateral. Um...
How about this?
Uh, no. My grandfather
wrote that and gave it to me.
It's inscribed.
Take, um... Take the signed
first edition of
DeLillo's Underworld.
No. This is the item
we require.
Isn't that right, gentlemen?
[gun cocking]
But fair is fair, Mr. Jones.
Find the book
you owe the town,
you get yours back.
[Jughead]
And surprise, surprise.
Mine wasn't the only home
visited in search of overdue
library books.
[Percival] According to
my records, Mr. Andrews,
you checked out
Songwriting From The Heart
and never returned it.
Yeah, I borrowed that book
when I was in high school.
[Percival] Mmm.
On the recommendation of your
music teacher Geraldine Grundy,
I believe.
Uh, maybe. Look, I have no clue
where that book is.
Well, in that case, you'd need
to replace the book
with a copy from the exact
same edition,
and I think that publish
has gone out of business.
[chuckles]
This is ridiculous.
Sure. I'll find a copy
of the book for you.
Good man.
Until then,
I'll need some collateral,
something so I know
you're taking me seriously.
How about...
Ah, that guitar?
The one Ms. Grundy taught you
on feels appropriate,
doesn't it?
[intense music playing]
If you touch one more thing
in my house, I'll break both
of your arms.
This little nugget
says different.
Excuse me.
We won't take up too much
of your time, Ms. Lodge.
We're looking for an overdue
library book of yours.
Kiss of the Spider Woman
by Manuel Puig.
What are you,
the library police?
With a book as overdue as this,
the late fees run into
the thousands of dollars.
Just tell me how much
I owe you.
Um, well, if the book is lost,
uh, you could be charged
with a misdemeanor
subject to jail time.
But all late fees
will be waived...
-If I find the book?
-Yes.
I'll try to track it down.
Good. In the meantime,
we'll just take that
as collateral.
[chuckles]
Knock yourself out.
-[Cheryl] Flowers in the Attic?
-By V.C. Andrews.
[chuckles] Yeah,
I know who wrote it,
you crumpet-eating buffoon.
Do you have it or not,
Ms. Blossom?
[Cheryl sighs]
The last time I read that book,
I was with an old friend
who I haven't seen
in a very long time.
I believe she must have it.
Yes, Heather, wasn't it?
Um, how did you know that?
Oh, I'm very perceptive.
Well, until you find it
or an exact copy of it,
I'll need some collateral.
Um, how about...
Ah!
That trunk.
[intense music playing]
You can't have that.
I'll take the trunk
or you to the stocks.
You know, we haven't spent
much quality time together yet,
but I should warn you,
you're playing with fire.
Hmm.
Would you burn all of us,
Ms. Blossom?
-No, just you.
-Indeed.
Which is why my men have
a very specific instruction
if I get even the least
bit flushed...
Aim for her head.
Take the damn trunk,
but I have to empty it first.
No! I'll take the trunk
and its contents.
But don't worry,
we'll take very good care of
your brother.
[music intensifying]
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Mom, What's up?
Hey, honey, uh,
do you remember that book,
Small Engine Repairsthat you
checked out of the library?
You mean when I was 12?
Vaguely.
Mayor Pickens is collecting
all overdue library books.
He needs it back.
Uh, might be in
my room somewhere.
No, I checked. It's not there.
Well, you're going to need
to find it
or at least an exact copy.
I gave him your diary
as collateral.
You did what?
Yeah. Aren't you glad I didn't
let you burn that last one?
So I am cooking yummy
beef stroganoff for dinner.
How does that--
[sighs]
[Percival] Well,
you remember, Mr. Mantle,
it's a workbook. One that
teaches children with dyslexia
how to read.
-[Reggie] Give me a sec.
-[Percival] Mmm-hmm.
[exhales]
[Percival chuckles]
Fifteen years after it was
checked out
you actually still have it.
I'm impressed, Mr. Mantle.
I've long suspected there's
more than meets the eye
with you.
So what? Do I have to pay
a fine or something?
Oh, no.
We'll just leave the matter of
your debt for another day.
[Jughead] By nightfall,
we realized that Percival
and his goons
had paid all of us a visit.
So I convened a meeting.
My father pulled off some
pretty bizarre villainy
in his day
but shutting down a library?
There is a purpose behind
what Percival is doing.
Books promote ideas
and free thinking.
They're terrifying objects to
would be despots like him.
If people stop reading
and thinking and dreaming,
it makes it easier for them
to just follow Percival.
But shaking us down
for overdue library books
with goons and guns?
What is so special
about our books?
Or the agitators?
Maybe it's a distraction,
for his next move.
Well, he's not interested in
the money.
Though he did threaten to
arrest me if I didn't find
my book.
Yeah, but have you ever heard
of people
being thrown in jail
for an overdue library book?
Yeah, actually. Some states
consider the failure to return
library books as theft.
Well, I have no idea where
my book is.
Yeah, me neither.
I lent a bunch of my books
to Doc, my friend,
on Sketch Alley.
And then Percival suggested
that he and the other unhoused
just leave.
I mean, they could be anywhere
and so could my book.
Cheryl?
You've been pretty quiet.
Methinks there is a whiff
of sorcery about all of this.
Books are objects of
immense power.
Every reader imprints
on the book they read.
Every book changes the reader
in some way.
If Percival knows
what books we read
during our formative years...
[sighs] My mind reels
of what he might do
with that secret
forbidden knowledge.
[Kevin] I can't believe they
actually gave these things up.
[Percival]
Men with guns, Kevin.
Most potent form of persuasion.
Yeah, but all this for
library books?
Oh, Kevin.
If you steal from a town,
even if it's just a paperback,
you tear at that town's civic
fabric, its sense of order.
We must hold the line,
especially against these
demagogues.
Now they claim to love
Riverdale, to want to save it,
to fight for it.
But can anything be worse than
stealing from the very place
you profess to love?
They're hypocrites.
And we must punish
them accordingly.
That, and test their
psychological mettle.
You're not going to hurt them,
are you?
Doubting me, Kevin?
That's interesting.
Because according
to my records,
there's still one more
book left to collect.
Lord of the Flies.
And unless I'm very much
mistaken, the last person to
check that out was you.
I loved that book as a kid.
Well, then find it, Kevin.
And bring it unto me now.
I still have work
to do tonight,
and I don't want
any naysayers in my midst.
Loquere, objecta,
da mysteria tua.
Ex libris ad animas, frequenta
manus unde venistis.
[continues indistinctly]
[indistinct chatter]
[boys laughing]
Oh, my God.
What's so funny?
Say it ain't so, Sarge.
You played guitar at
the Variety Show? And sang?
That was about
a million years ago.
What are you even doing with
that yearbook?
I just found it on a table
in the library
just sitting there.
Well, put it away.
It's time for class.
[man] What d'ya got, kid?
Hey, kid...
[Reggie] Uh...
I've got nothing.
I'm out.
[dramatic music playing]
[woman] Agent Cooper?
This is the latest profile
the psychologist came up
with for TBK.
"Intelligent, antisocial,
highly skilled,
lacking empathy,
likely a loner."
They couldn't be more
boilerplate if they tried.
Ugh. What is that smell?
Oh, my God. I feel like
I'm gonna throw up.
It's bleach I think. Should I
get you some water?
[intense music playing]
Dad?
Agent Cooper?
You all right?
Uh...
[Veronica] Hello, Heraldo.
I'm calling to check in about
my abuelita.
[Heraldo] Seems to be
doing fine. Why?
Actually, Heraldo,
can I call you back?
Nope, not today, spider.
[keyboard clacking]
[Jughead] I spent the morning
on my laptop. Not writing,
no, hunting.
For copies of
The Metamorphosis ...
Which is when I noticed that
my fingers were bleeding.
Ms. Cooper, are you
by any chance here
to return your book?
Small Engine Repairs?
No, but my mom had no right
to give you my diary.
So I want it back.
What do you...
What are you doing with this?
Oh...
Just a little bit of cleaning.
Did you know, Ms. Cooper,
there is no more powerful
memory trigger than
a potent scent.
Isn't it fascinating what
the mind is susceptible to?
Imagine a normal household item
like bleach,
unlocking a door that
hadn't been opened in years.
What's behind it, I wonder.
Some crippling secret?
Give me my diary.
No.
I could maybe let you
read it here.
I have a wonderful reading
nook and my men would
help you get settled.
Fine.
[kids laughing in background]
[laughter continues]
Hello?
Is someone there?
[breathing heavily]
Heather?
[heavy breathing continues]
[music intensifies]
Heather?
Is that you?
[breathing heavily]
[kids laughter]
Flowers in the Atticindeed.
[bell ringing]
[cello music playing]
[music continues]
Ms. Grundy?
[music stops]
[cello music starts]
[panting]
[Jughead] It was like
something out of
a David Cronenberg movie.
My hands were getting itchier,
rawer, more painful.
I was either coming down
with a horrible case of eczema
or I was turning into
a cockroach like in
The Metamorphosis.
Either way,
I had to find that book.
Bro, I need my book back.
When I was a kid, I was
diagnosed with dyslexia,
and that kid's book taught me
how to read.
I never thought
I'd need it again, but I do.
So please, can I have it?
No. But can I interest you
in this very fine
limited edition
Glamerge egg?
Why would I want that?
Doesn't Ms. Lodge collect them?
Yeah, but we just broke up.
It was brutal.
Well, maybe, in that case,
the egg could serve as
a parting blow.
I just want my book back.
Take the egg to Veronica.
[echoing]
[in normal voice] And then,
maybe we can discuss your book
and any other opportunities.
You strike me as
the sort of man who is
always on the lookout
for the next great opportunity.
[Betty sighs]
I had an episode today.
I was working the TBK case
at the FBI office
and there was a janitor there
mopping the floor with bleach,
and I had a visceral
response to the smell.
I mean, I almost threw up.
And I saw a flash of my father.
-Oh, my God.
-Yeah, the smell dislodged...
something in me,
like a memory.
So I went to Percival's shop
to get my diary back
so I could confirm it.
And did you get it back?
No, but I read it,
and there was something.
It was an entry
from when I was 12,
and at the time,
I didn't think anything of it.
But that's when I checked out
Small Engine Repairs
from the library.
I couldn't get enough
of that book.
And one night, I was so excited
to show my dad what I learned
about spark plugs
and carburetors.
I went down to the garage.
Daddy, what are you doing?
Oh, just a little clean-up.
What's that smell?
Oh, that... That's bleach.
Your mommy uses that sometimes.
It's a disinfectant.
It can get pretty dirty
working on cars.
So it's always good
to keep some handy.
It covers up everything.
[Betty] Looking back on it now,
it seems so obvious.
I mean, we had never
known precisely
when my dad started killing
people, but I'm thinking
about it now.
And when I was a little girl,
I was smelling the bleach
my dad was using
to scrub the blood
of his victims
out of our family car.
It was right there.
It was right under my nose,
and I missed it.
Hey, you were 12 years old,
and he was your dad.
Every child should be able
to trust their parent.
Percival knows what
he's doing, Archie.
I mean, playing these
mind games with me
and making me
relive these things.
Anything weird happen
to you today?
Nothing. Nothing I want to
talk about.
This is not a good feeling.
It's like someone's picking
through my brain
with dirty fingers.
Hey.
Hi there.
Uh...
My name is Jughead Jones.
I actually used to live on
the alley here.
-Hank.
-Hi, Hank.
I was hoping that you could
help me.
A bunch of people used to
live here, including a friend
of mine named Doc.
Yeah, I know Doc.
Do you know what happened
to him and the others?
A man came, British.
He gathered us up,
Doc included.
Told us to start walking west
and not to stop
until we hit the ocean.
And that's what everyone did.
Gathered their things
and started walking
like they had no choice.
Why didn't you go?
The man said "walk."
That's the one thing
I can't do.
Doc has something of mine.
It's, um... It's a book,
and I-I actually need it.
You don't know where he ended
up, do you, or how I can get
this message to him?
Yeah.
I may have the number for
a payphone in Venice Beach.
Venice... Like California?
The man said "head west."
[Veronica] Reggie dropped
this off, you say?
He did, Ms. Veronica.
[Veronica] Huh.
Fascinating.
Oh, and, Smithers,
any luck finding
Kiss of the Spider Woman?
Uh, not the edition
you're looking for.
It's elusive, I'm afraid.
Try the Strand in New York,
would you, please?
Thank you, Smithers.
[music box playing]
[screams]
[exhales]
[music playing]
Sorry, it took me a while
to track down.
My dad's house is a mess.
No, it's... It's cool.
I'm just glad you
still have it.
I didn't even remember you
lent it to me.
It's a wild book.
[both chuckle]
I was in lust
with the hero, Ralph.
Oh, same, but I mostly
identified with Piggy.
The guy that gets crushed
by a boulder?
Why?
You remember, Moose?
I was husky as a kid.
I used to wear these glasses.
-Thick ones.
-Mmm.
I was super awkward,
physically.
I felt like the character of
Piggy was written for me.
If it makes you feel better,
you are definitely Ralph now.
Totally hot.
Maybe on the outside, but once
a Piggy, always a Piggy.
[Veronica] Okay, Cheryl, what
the hell is going on with us?
I'm glad you asked, Veronica.
That's why I brought us here.
I've been doing some reading,
occult volumes I've collected
over the years.
I may have further insight
into Percival's machinations.
Okay, when spell casting,
an enchanter uses
personal items
to focus their magic
on their targets.
Strands of hair,
fingernail clippings,
clothing, or, in our case,
the collateral he received
from our missing library books.
I believe Percival is using
these items as totems
to harness or manifest phantoms
from our past or our
subconscious to haunt us,
test us, torment us.
Does that resonate with anyone?
Maybe.
Percival took a book
my grandfather had written
and given to me.
My grandfather died back
when I was in New York.
He, uh...
He was covered in eczema.
Especially his hands...
Which were
completely disfigured.
Oh, my God, Jug!
One of my greatest fears
is that I'll die alone
like him,
only having written one book.
How do we stop
what's happening?
It's pretty straightforward.
Find our missing library books,
get back our confiscated items,
break his spell.
But would Percival even return
our things at this point?
He said he would.
"Fair is fair."
Indeed. There are rules
when spell weaving.
A certain order that needs
to be maintained.
You seem pretty blase
about this, Cheryl.
I've always dabbled
in the supernatural.
And I'm pretty comfortable with
the ghost that's been invoked
from my past.
We gave Percival the tools
to hurt us.
What if we can't find
our books?
Then we have no choice
but to face our demons
and hope we survive
the encounters.
[glass breaking]
[dramatic music playing]
[Percival reading]
Hey, again.
Did you get ahold of Doc?
Yeah, I got ahold of him.
You doing okay?
No. Definitely not doing okay.
That's why I need my book.
About that.
Doc said he sold it
as they were heading west.
Had to shed everything
they were carrying with them
to travel light.
Okay. Uh...
Do you know where he sold it?
Matter of fact, I do.
Place called...
Barney's Book Barn
right off Route 42
in Allentown.
Allentown, Pennsylvania?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[laughs] He did pretty well.
This is pretty good.
What the hell
are you looking at now?
Hey, Sarge, we just figured out
why you were so into music
back in the day.
If my music teacher looked
like that, I'd be signing up
to play guitar, too.
[all laugh]
You think you're funny?
If I see this or any other
yearbook in this class,
you're out of my RROTC program.
Am I clear?
Yeah, you're clear.
Sorry.
[cello music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
Very good, Kevin. Well done.
Tried to re-read it,
but to be honest, it made me
sick to my stomach.
Let me guess.
Reminded you of someone
you don't ever
want to be again.
Basically, yeah.
I understand, Kevin, but...
That part of you that feels
that you're unattractive
and undeserving of love,
let it go. Let it die.
You are a gorgeous,
gorgeous man
and you deserve everything
your heart desires.
That's easier said than done.
But it needn't be.
Align yourself with me, and you
need never feel like a...
Piggy again.
How did you know that?
You see, those dark secrets
that we all carry
in our hearts...
I am those secrets, Kevin,
and only I can release you
from them.
Hey.
Hey, I picked us up some
Cucina Sacasa.
I hope you're hungry.
What are you doing
wearing those?
Uh, they're for my migraines.
I got it at the drugstore.
I thought they were cute.
Betty, take those off.
Please take them off.
Okay.
They're off.
What's the problem?
It's Percival. Look, when you
asked if any weird things
happened to me, I lied.
He's bringing back all this
stuff with Ms. Grundy.
It's like everywhere I look,
I see her.
Those glasses,
she wore a pair
exactly like them.
I know it shouldn't...
trigger me.
Uh, yeah, it should.
And he got me thinking
about music and...
how I stopped playing. It was
such a huge part of my life.
And is that because of
Ms. Grundy?
Because every time
I pick up a guitar,
it may send me back to that
music room, back to her.
We didn't really use this word
back then, but the truth is...
she groomed you, Arch.
And that does have
an effect on people.
Percival is bringing up
all these traumas
back to the surface.
Why?
Because it's like Cheryl said,
to hurt you.
Us.
He finds a wound
just so he can press on it.
Jug texted me.
He said he's got a lead on
where he might be able
to find our books.
It's a long shot, but still.
Really? Where?
[exhales] Some book barn in
Pennsylvania.
[kisses]
[instrumental music playing]
I'm glad we both had
a free night to do this.
Get to know each other better.
Without a corpse between us.
I agree.
Cheers, Heraldo.
I do have to ask...
Where is Reggie?
Gone.
For good. God willing.
So what does that make me then?
Am I your rebound?
[chuckles]
I think it's too early to put
a label on this, Heraldo.
But what you are...
is an attractive man
who intrigues me.
And I am a woman who'd rather
not be alone tonight.
Can't it just be as simple
as that?
Whatever you want.
In that case...
[moans]
[exhales]
That was exactly what I needed.
I'm so glad you came over.
Heraldo?
Heraldo!
[gasps]
Yeah, Reggie, I just want you
to know that I got your gift
and now a man is dead.
Good going, idiot.
Ronnie, what are you
talking about?
Those black widow spiders
in the Glamerge egg
you sent me,
one of them bit Heraldo,
and now he's dead.
Hold on. What was Heraldo doing
at your apartment?
You know exactly what he
was doing.
Ronnie, yeah. I sent you
a Glamerge egg
but there weren't
any spiders in it.
Maybe you just imagined that.
Well, I certainly didn't
imagine the corpse
Betty's bestie
Dr. Curdle just carted
out of here.
Where did you even get that
gauche egg?
The curiosity shop.
[scoffs]
You fool.
Hot off the fax.
We finally have a full,
detailed statement from
TBK's survivor, Katherine.
Oh, great. Anything of note?
No big bombshells.
One weird detail, though.
She mentions that he always
left the light on for her
at night.
Daddy, I'm scared.
Of what, sweetie?
I hear monsters at night
in the house
and in the garage sometimes.
You know what?
I have just the thing.
Well, there you go.
One anti-monster nightlight
to keep you safe.
[clears throat]
But I'll tell you
a secret, Betty.
You don't have to be afraid
of any monster.
Do you know why?
Because you and I are much
scarier than any monster.
Agent Cooper?
We've had TBK's profile wrong
this entire time.
We always assumed
he was a loner,
a drifter leaving a trail
of bodies in his wake.
But what if he has a family
he goes home to?
What if he's a father?
Very few serial killers
have families.
My dad did.
Let's broaden the search
to include fathers,
ones who travel for work,
with a specific focus on
ones who have daughters.
-On it.
-Okay.
[cell phone ringing]
Archie.
[Archie] Betty, Jughead just
texted me.
He's got the books.
Okay.
Ah, Mr. Mantle.
How did the egg go over?
I think you can probably guess.
Oh.
Something funky is going on.
I give you a book
and suddenly I can't read.
I call Veronica a black widow
and then the egg I gave her
is filled with spiders
even though when I checked it,
it was empty.
What are you?
A wizard?
[scoffs]
I mean, I have a trick
or two up my sleeve. I...
I am a... a magic man,
you might say.
Your magic.
Is that something you could
teach me?
Oh, I'm sure we can work
something out.
How... Where did
you find these?
Pennsylvania. A place called
Barney's Book Barn.
It's like Powell's in Seattle,
but they have
literally everything.
Bravo, nerd, who knew
your bookish ways would
one day save us?
So we just go to Percival,
turn over these books
and he gives us
our things back?
-That's what he said.
-He better.
And if he doesn't, we'll burn
down his shop with him in it.
You guys, I don't even know
if I want my father's
portrait back.
That's your choice.
But it would be risky to leave
your totem in Percival's hands.
And speaking of burning...
Once we get our objects back,
we'll have to perform a ritual
with them.
Fair warning.
You're not gonna like it.
Yes.
Those additions
all seem comparable.
Give me a second.
I'll get your items.
Just like that?
Well, fair is fair,
Mr. Andrews. Besides...
They've served their purpose.
What purpose was that?
Collateral, Ms. Cooper.
What other purpose would
I have meant?
Can you just get our things
so we can get the hell
out of here?
Of course.
Oh, um, where's
Kiss of the Spider Woman?
Oh, you can keep
my father's portrait.
I don't need it.
No one has power over me,
not my father
and definitely not you.
Very good.
I'll just get your items.
[guitar strumming]
Getting in one last strum
before we perform
Cheryl's ritual tonight?
Yeah.
How are you doing
with everything?
I'm not sure.
Percival's mind games dislodged
two pretty hardcore memories.
It just made me think that...
I've only just started to
scratch the surface
of what's hidden inside me.
Do we really have to
do this, Cheryl?
[Cheryl] I'm afraid so.
These objects were in
Percival's possession.
Most certainly they've
been polluted.
Tainted by some kind of
dark enchantments.
Cheryl, where's your trunk?
Oh, I already burned Jason.
A second cleansing
is unnecessary.
Shall we begin?
Wait, wait.
Now what?
My grandfather doesn't even
have a headstone.
You could walk over his grave,
not even know it was there.
If I burn this, it's like
he never existed.
I don't care if it's cursed
or hexed.
I'm not... I'm not doing it.
It's a book.
I'm not burning it.
What would Ray Bradbury say?
You all are coo-coo bananas.
But whatevs.
You've been warned.
[exhales]
[Jughead] For those of us
keeping score, we would soon
learn that Percival
had added two soldiers
to his army.
Kevin and Reggie.
Claimed by the dark side.
As for the rest of us,
we'd survived, yes,
and that was a win.
But this week had cost
each of us something.
And every instinct told me
we weren't nearly done
paying yet.
[Veronica] Thank you for
getting back to me, Dr. Curdle.
What's the verdict?
The toxicology report came back
and it was indeed
black widow venom that stopped
Heraldo's heart.
I knew it.
I knew I wasn't
imagining things.
It is interesting, though.
A black widow spider doesn't
typically have enough venom
to kill a grown man.
Well, maybe it was multiple
spiders that bit Heraldo?
Yes.
Except there wasn't
a single puncture mark
anywhere on his body.
Moreover, I have identified
the spot where the venom
entered the young man's body.
Okay. And where is that?
His lips.
His death, it seems
sealed with a kiss.